did that be so actually our hotel came
at Lube who knows
doesn't it really what it really do on a
person besides like Dex
don't worry tracers what hang soon as
Lube use for anything besides like
sexual stuff they fit in your girlfriend
I like or ho
today I learned ya come out bitches big
pancakes Oh what the fuck this is some
white lips wait it looks fresh when the
kitten rush and push when we shouldn't
push sounds like the first time hit
sucks
nothing's y'all fucking shadow heads or
tails guys heads or tails Hale UN I
always dickhead because I love head how
that you know what it entail wasn't be
bad either
oh shit
ha ha that looks back see they call me
the wrong dog think they like my tank
Billy good thing speedy came to play
today unlike his friends the paws but
suck oh I don't think we have this video
we can definitely try my head itches
they're all coming on in shut up all
everything guys are coming all over me 5
5 and SEO by banana peel help pal pal
hey tiny we for you splenic fucking
virgins anything I do is like a virgin
outside as a joke I don't need a talk in
the money this would you smash there is
a sour patch kids at THC and I'm sounds
fucking awesome what does he
that's the ingredient in it's the active
ingredient in marijuana to get you hot
so like thanks track they take THC and
they'd be really making goods and stuff
um I'm sorry sir okay shot the fuck off
I'm telling you what you don't knows
that I mean not part of schools you know
how they say treat others the way you
want to be treated that doesn't fucking
work I'll tell you right now none of the
beep thing call me D for fail hashtag D
for fame
whatup Mallory how you doing baby
squirrel don't do anything dumb Deluxe a
great Johnson RV fuck you man hi my name
is deluxe for I have nine hundred nan
Nanping in a pocket full of Twizzlers
Welbeck file Madhuri no auntie Amy say
got me one van one day and before I see
you first
jaysus I'm Drake I mean I enjoy a few
cupcakes from time to time and buy time
to time I mean every five minutes but
goddamn like I'm not really into this
thing called candy recently yeah yeah
but Megan stop whenever you want that's
not it oh of course that that's what fat
people sound like they just walk around
the room know if you know hard for me I
could bounce a quarter off of their hurt
but I would do it true this is what true
headquarter you like these have one do I
have a quarter yeah yeah nice again
conversations with your fucking babe
who's this semen covered cupcake me nice
butter is a 2-incher thank you for
subscribing oh it's a it's bigger than
my phone I'll tell you that not gonna
lie oh yeah you put it on your fucking
pump I didn't get the arm I don't put a
mess fuck you haven't done that you're
lying if you say hungry never put my
deepest on my phone did I put my my dick
on my phone shut the fuck off hey sod
arms next time you have a thought keep
it to yourself
I don't know it's fucked guys but when I
do i swallow Oh get balls in my head
goodnight I'll talk to guys I can't
and I
long